ABOUT INTERCHANGE THIRD EDITION VIDEO 
LEVEL 3 ON CD-ROM

Written by Christine A. Dean, William D. 
Dean, Lois Menzel, and Jon Schumacher

Directed by Christine A. Dean

Produced by Master Communications Group

(c) Cambridge University Press

All rights reserved. No reproduction, 
copy, or transmission of this material 
may be made without the prior permission 
of the publisher. This CD-ROM is not 
networkable.

For full support and answers to 
frequently asked questions, visit 
www.cambridge.org/elt/interchange.

-----------------------------------------

RECOMMENDED MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Pentium 166MHz or higher processor, 
Windows 95/98/NT4/2000/ME/XP, 64MB RAM, 
16-bit color display, sound card and 
speakers, 16x CD-ROM drive, video player 
with MPEG-1 playback ability (recent 
versions of Windows Media Player, 
QuickTime Player, RealPlayer, for 
example) to play video sequences, Adobe 
Reader to view PDF files

You will need an appropriate media player 
installed on your computer to play the 
video sequences. Recent releases of 
popular media players - such as Windows 
Media Player (www.microsoft.com), 
QuickTime Player (www.apple.com), and 
RealPlayer (www.real.com) - can all 
play MPEG-1 files. If you don't already 
have a media player that can play MPEG-1 
files, you can download these players. 
They either are free or have free 
versions.

Your media player may have higher or 
additional system requirements. Check the 
software's documentation. You may also 
wish to check that you have the latest 
audio and video drivers for your 
hardware.

For optimal performance you may wish to 
copy the MPEG-1 files from the CD-ROM 
drive onto your hard drive before playing 
them.

To view the PDF files, you will need 
Adobe Reader. If you don't already have 
the software, you can download it free. 
Go to www.adobe.com.

